 	While working on computers every day, have you ever noticed any technical glitches on your personal computer or several problems of various kind those
 are beyond our broad understanding? Like it shows you error messages, can’t close a distressing application, can’t hear any audio or sound output or worse a 
 stop error famously known as the Blue Screen of Death? That the reason why it gives you more irritating problem. Simmer down. It isn’t totally the end of your
 beloved computer “fingers crossed “. Rather than giving up and buying a new one, identifying the problem to a certain issue and solving it is still an option. 
 This process is commonly called troubleshooting.
 	Troubleshooting is done to keep a system or software in desired condition especially when it encounters technical problems. It will invariably be a process
 of figuring out how to solve a computer problem and it also a process of trial and error – in some cases, you may need to apply several different routes before you
 can find a solution though other issues may be easy to correct. Even with the most updated software and hardware, occasionally computers can malfunction. 
	In order to solve a problem, you must figure out which part of the system is malfunctioning. You will need check each component of the computer, unless it 
 is obvious where the problem is coming from. Isolating the problem will help you solve the problem quickly. Knowing how to solve these problems with a shortcut 
 perhaps using only a few keys on the keyboard can save time and effort. 
	Nowadays, every Windows have built-in with various troubleshooting utilities those can be helpful to narrow down certain problems and ultimately solving it
 in efficient manner. If we sum up all the problems it would be very difficult to locate, but mostly as we witness Windows radically behave while using most common 
 services like internet, data replication, audio / video or running third-party applications. Foremost thing in any situation is one should know what has to be done 
 for successfully eradicating arisen problem. Before troubleshooting any event understanding about type and intensity of problem that we face is very important. If we 
 focus at right direction and area, choosing right utility finally help solving certain problem in short span of time and in efficient manner. Although Windows equipped
 with all sort of tools but still there are plenty of third-party utilities available those can be used effectively to resolve issues in due course. Every problem has
 a remedy, nothing can be stand on the same position all we have to do is review it, apply right method and solve it.
	Computers are more liable these days with more advancement, more it’s being used more it will be affected. There generous amount of tools and utilities which
 are very essential and help narrow down the cause and at last removal of bad patch within a PC. If we focus on Operating System any one can operate for third-party
 tools or built-in ones to solve most common glitches and their respective PC utilities exists within an Operating System.
	By the effort of our educator, the one who shapes up the whole life of the students through his/ her knowledge, patience, love and care .Even he is only a 
 replacement of our last educator. He try his best to fulfill his duty as an educator in our troubleshooting subject even he is a beginner in this teaching profession.
 He teach us how to find some computer problem by the way of his teaching skills. We learn on how to troubleshoot some problem on discussion, but we not do it in
 actual. I hope you teach us in actual on how to troubleshoot  problems that will occur in computer.

